okay okay everyone everyone this is
gonna be so cheesy okay are you ready
for it okay okay watch I know I know
right you can't tell the difference
you're thinking which one is Jillian and
which one is Karen or which one's
Jillian which one is Carrie you're
confused
am i right let's do you anyway enough of
that that's nonsense will embarrass for
having done that but hey it's my video I
can do I want
okay so dudes how's it going I know what
you're thinking Karen why are you
grotesquely sweaty
why are you big greasy mess in this
video today okay okay yeah cuz I just I
just did this just this I just
okay okay everyone what are you thinking
that I did that I keep having to adjust
this it's distracting to the video
quality I did this shred it with weights
level two for those of you who've been
watching all my super boring bids I
talked about level one back months ago
back before I did p90x so if you're
looking for me to talk about level one
because I don't really remember it
except it was kind of fun I haven't
talked about it since December of 2012
or January of 2013
okay so if you're so inclined and you
really want to know what level one is
like it's fine then yeah go back and
find my useless bit about that but let's
today talk about level two ok so shred
it with weights it is a kettle bell
based workout for those of you who might
not have purchased it but there's a
problem
Karen is cheap I would like a kettle
bell they're expensive and every time I
see I'm like wow $25 or more like it
would be kind of cool
it would be fun to add it to my little
collection of weights that I have in the
corner of the living room here but like
I said I'm cheap so instead I use this
body
oh this nice eight pound little friend
it's lovely
girlish cranberry color and it's got a
really fun kind of rubbery texture so
it's not slippery in your hands and that
is what I use okay and level two is
really good and I really like it and I
would say overall so for those of you
think I'm really tedious don't have to
watch the rest of the video you can stop
after I say super good buy it gives you
a kick-ass workout okay so you're
thinking care and you sound awfully
positive today for someone who hates
exercise right and here's why I like it
even though I you know it's torture and
my throat is sore because I'm getting a
cold and I didn't really feel like
working out but force myself here's why
I like it it's really hard okay yeah
it's really hard and seriously I want my
videos to be challenging now because if
I'm say for example going to be sitting
on the couch at 10 o'clock one evening
cramming back handful after handful of
frigging pretzels because I have the PMS
and I need salt and I spent 10 minutes
at the grocery store debating between
the chips which had like way more grams
of fat even though they were baked and
the pretzels which had next no grams of
fat and I still gotta eat something
because I'm sorry the hormone say you're
either gonna eat it what you're gonna
kill someone so let's say for example
you did that then the next day you need
to a tone a little bit for such
indulgences well damn it it better
burned some damn calories that's what I
say so shred it with weights very hard
to not very long okay just over 30
minutes I like it I
it's torture and I'm panting and gasping
the entire time make no mistake okay I
don't know about you people who are like
wicked at the cardio but I'm gasping the
whole time so I know it's got to be
doing something in besides Jillian says
that if you do a circuit training video
with high intensity cardio intervals as
well as some strength training then 30
minutes is all you need and she said it
so I'm gonna stick with that okay cuz
sometimes I do have to work out for an
hour if I'm lifting weights and an hour
that bites a little bit but never mind
so I like this very difficult I like the
new moves because they're fun things in
it let me show you guys okay all right
so and I want you all not to comment on
the dough roll it okay cuz listen we all
know I've had kids it's not going away
I'm not spending six thousand dollars on
plastic surgery
I'm fine with me okay be fun with
yourself so there's gonna be a little
bit actually see some abs okay so when
you don't have a kettlebell you get to
do fun things and you hold your weight
like this because we want it kind of
weighted at the bottom shall I stand
back a bit can you guys see this is
terrible quality should I pay someone to
film these okay so this is what you get
to do okay let's say for instance in the
normal Jillian video she says okay
everyone burpees drop and do it you're
like oh you're gonna get down there
huh Oh terrible one or say for instance
Jillian says okay everyone down on the
floor
not only climbers like it sucks a lot so
no instead of that you get to do this
you get to go
yes Oh super fun oh my god I feel like a
child again am i right and you get to do
things like this and go is that fun come
on
that's a bit more fun come on think
about it
mountain climbers nobody likes them
swinging weights around like you could
bog someone with it new concept so for
all my friends out there do add this one
to your collection of workouts because
on those days where you don't have a lot
of time say I'm wind it again and we're
in shape at all apparently on those days
when you don't have a lot of time to
work out but you still want a sweaty
greasy repulsive yet kind of childlike
and carefree and fun it's great like
gonna go drink a gallon of water now and
dream about having a nap peace out
workout buddies fitness friends fellow
sufferers